private endpoint: refine doc according to feedback (#10276)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md

- [Connect via SQL shell](#connect-via-sql-shell): to try TiDB SQL and test out TiDB's compatibility with MySQL quickly, or administer user privileges

> **Tip:**
>

> > It is **NOT** recommended to use public connection in a production environment. Instead, it is recommended to use the [private endpoint](#connect-via-private-endpoint) connection.

Reviewer: It is **NOT** recommended to use public endpoint with traffic filters in production environments, customer's data traffic will go over the Internet, which is not safe and stable.  [Private Endpoint](#connect-via-private-endpoint) connections  and [VPC Peering](#connect-via-vpc-peering) connections  are more safe.

5. Under **Step 2: Connect your application**, click the tab of your preferred connection method, and then connect to your cluster with the connection string. The placeholders `<cluster_endpoint_name>:<port>` in the connection string are automatically replaced with the real values.

> **Tip:**
>

> > If you cannot connect to the cluster, the reason might be that the security group of your VPC endpoint in AWS is not properly set. See [this FAQ](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md#i-cannot-enable-private-dns-an-error-is-reported-indicating-that-the-enablednssupport-and-enablednshostnames-vpc-attributes-are-not-enabled) for solutions.

Reviewer 2: For "[this FAQ]", the link could be broken easily since the linked text is quite long and could be updated sometimes. How about linking to `## Troubleshooting` directly?

Author: ```suggestion
> If you cannot connect to the cluster, the reason might be that the security group of your VPC endpoint in AWS is not properly set. See [this FAQ](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md#troubleshooting) for solutions.
```

> > If you cannot connect to the your application, the possible reason might be that the security group of your VPC endpoint in AWS is not properly selected. See [this FAQ](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md#i-cannot-enable-private-dns-an-error-is-reported-indicating-that-the-enablednssupport-and-enablednshostnames-vpc-attributes-are-not-enabled) for solution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> If you cannot connect to your application, the reason might be that the security group of your VPC endpoint in AWS is not properly selected. See [this FAQ](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md#i-cannot-enable-private-dns-an-error-is-reported-indicating-that-the-enablednssupport-and-enablednshostnames-vpc-attributes-are-not-enabled) for solution.
```

Author: @benmaoer In this section, we'd better use the wording "connect to your application" or "connect to the cluster", because the above passages use such wording.
